adding section 5 on legacy package management (#4092)
Azure/azure-sdk: docs/policies/releases.md

### 5) Updating package manager references

Follow the best practices below to ensure that the visibility of the new release is elevated.

Identify supported legacy libraries for the SDK you are releasing as early as possible <br>

> -	Note, we cannot deprecate GA libraries which were released less than 1 year ago per the [current Azure SLA](https://www.microsoft.com/LICENSING/PRODUCT-LICENSING/PRODUCTS)

Reviewer: nit:maybe something like `*Note:*` would make this more scannable? - it's a little unclear why the third bullet isn't a "note" and what the distinction between them is

> -	Note, we cannot deprecate GA libraries which were released less than 1 year ago per the [current Azure SLA](https://www.microsoft.com/LICENSING/PRODUCT-LICENSING/PRODUCTS)

Author: ```suggestion
-	**Note:** we cannot deprecate GA libraries which were released less than 1 year ago per the [current Azure SLA](https://www.microsoft.com/LICENSING/PRODUCT-LICENSING/PRODUCTS)
```

- Note,  We should direct users to the new library only if it is covering the legacy library specs. Make sure you confirm feature and performance parity at your arch board reviews.

> -	Once a library has been identified as suitable for replacement, initiate a request to have NuGet search popularity for the legacy library forwarded to the new library. The SDK team engineering team will know how to do this or who to talk to.

Reviewer: this point seems rather .NET specific?

> -	Once a library has been identified as suitable for replacement, initiate a request to have NuGet search popularity for the legacy library forwarded to the new library. The SDK team engineering team will know how to do this or who to talk to.

Author: ```suggestion
-	For .NET, once a library has been identified as suitable for replacement, initiate a request to have NuGet search popularity for the legacy library forwarded to the new library. The SDK team engineering team will know how to do this or who to talk to.
```

For each legacy package you plan to deprecate
-	Update the legacy library package README with a link to the new package.
```markdown

> Please note, this package has been deprecated. A replacement package is available [package name](https://dummylinktopackage.com/) as of [date-MM/YY]. We strongly encourage you to upgrade to continue receiving updates. See the [Migration Guide](https://dummylink.com/) for guidance on upgrading. Refer to our [deprecation policy](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_support.html) for more details.

Author: ```suggestion
Please note, this package has been deprecated. A replacement package is available <br>[package name](https://dummylinktopackage.com/) as of [date-MM/YY]. We strongly <br>encourage you to upgrade to continue receiving updates. See the <br>[Migration Guide](https://dummylink.com/) for guidance on upgrading. Refer to our <br>[deprecation policy](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_support.html) for more details.
```

> Please note, this package has been deprecated. A replacement package is available  [package name](https://dummylinktopackage.com/) as of [date-MM/YY]. We strongly  encourage you to upgrade to continue receiving updates. See the  [Migration Guide](https://dummylink.com/) for guidance on upgrading. Refer to our [deprecation policy](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_support.html) for more details.

Author: ```suggestion
Please note, this package has been deprecated. A replacement package is available\ [package name](https://dummylinktopackage.com/) as of [date-MM/YY]. We strongly\ encourage you to upgrade to continue receiving updates. See the\ [Migration Guide](https://dummylink.com/) for guidance on upgrading. Refer to our [deprecation policy](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_support.html) for more details.
```

> Please note, this package has been deprecated. A replacement package is available\ [package name](https://dummylinktopackage.com/) as of [date-MM/YY]. We strongly\ encourage you to upgrade to continue receiving updates. See the\ [Migration Guide](https://dummylink.com/) for guidance on upgrading. Refer to our [deprecation policy](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_support.html) for more details.

Author: ```suggestion
Please note, this package has been deprecated. A replacement package is available
[package name](https://dummylinktopackage.com/) as of [date-MM/YY]. We strongly
encourage you to upgrade to continue receiving updates. See the
[Migration Guide](https://dummylink.com/) for guidance on upgrading. Refer to our 
[deprecation policy](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_support.html) for more details.
```

> Please note, this package has been deprecated. A replacement package is available\ [package name](https://dummylinktopackage.com/) as of [date-MM/YY]. We strongly\ encourage you to upgrade to continue receiving updates. See the\ [Migration Guide](https://dummylink.com/) for guidance on upgrading. Refer to our [deprecation policy](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_support.html) for more details.

Author: ```suggestion
Please note, this package has been deprecated. A replacement package is available
[package name](https://dummylinktopackage.com/) as of [date-MM/YY]. We strongly
encourage you to upgrade to continue receiving updates. 
See the [Migration Guide](https://dummylink.com/) for guidance on upgrading. 
Refer to our [deprecation policy](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_support.html) for more details.
```

> Please note, this package has been deprecated. A replacement package is available <br>[package name](https://dummylinktopackage.com/) as of [date-MM/YY]. We strongly <br>encourage you to upgrade to continue receiving updates. See the <br>[Migration Guide](https://dummylink.com/) for guidance on upgrading. Refer to our <br>[deprecation policy](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_support.html) for more details.

Author: ```suggestion
Please note, this package has been deprecated. A replacement package is available  [package name](https://dummylinktopackage.com/) as of [date-MM/YY]. We strongly  encourage you to upgrade to continue receiving updates. See the  [Migration Guide](https://dummylink.com/) for guidance on upgrading. Refer to our [deprecation policy](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_support.html) for more details.
```

```
For packages with the same name (e.g. Python, Java), use the following wording.
```markdown

> Please note, versions of this package with version numbers [version number] and below have been deprecated as of [date-MM-YY]. We strongly encourage you to upgrade to version [version number] or above to continue receiving updates. Refer to our [deprecation policy](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_support.html) for more details.

Reviewer 2: It's a risky wording, we don't plan to support older minor versions. For example, let's say 1.5 is the latest track1 of a package, and 1.6 to 1.8 are the track2. I don't want to write that I don't support below 1.5, which seems to imply we support 1.6, 1.7 and 1.8. Unless critical bug fixes (which never happened in this team as far as I know), we will always recommend people to move to the latest version first.

Author: That's a good point, is it preferable to have it read "We strongly encourage you to upgrade to the latest version to continue receiving updates." ?

Reviewer 2: I'm fine with that wording :)

> Please note, versions of this package with version numbers [version number] and below have been deprecated as of [date-MM-YY]. We strongly encourage you to upgrade to version [version number] or above to continue receiving updates. Refer to our [deprecation policy](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_support.html) for more details.

Author: ```suggestion
Please note, versions of this package with version numbers [version number] and below have been deprecated as of [date-MM-YY]. We strongly encourage you to upgrade to the latest version to continue receiving updates. Refer to our [deprecation policy](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_support.html) for more details.
```

```
-	Update the legacy Samples README with link to the new samples.
Note, you can search for sample repositories under https://docs.microsoft.com/samples/browse/?products=azure.
```markdown
Samples in this repository use deprecated packages [list legacy package here]. We recommend that you get started using the new package here instead: [package name](https://dummylinktopackage.com/.
```
-	Update the new package README with a link to the migration guides.
```markdown
This document covers [library name] [package name](https://dummylinktopackage.com/).
If you're using an older package, we recommend that you upgrade your code.
See [Migration Guide](https://dummylink.com/) for more details.
```
-	Update package index files to identify legacy packages replacement.
```markdown
Go to https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk/blob/master/_data/releases/latest/ and update [language]-packages.csv.
Use Notes column to clarify what is being replaced by the new package.
```

> -	Make updates to the legacy packages in the package manager. Use the following message and follow programming language instructions.

Reviewer 2: If not a new package, Python will not update old releases with a message, so it's not possible without re-releasing all old packages in all versions.

Author: In that case what should we do for old Python releases to let people know that a package has been deprecated?

Reviewer 2: You don't have a lot of flexibilty the way PyPI is designed. They will get a box that should check for newer version part of PyPI automatically:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1050156/162500872-529ce8c0-8155-4e88-975a-a7ed0df8a80e.png)

Honestly, I think for Python people this is enough, as old package are frozen in time anyway

> -	Make updates to the legacy packages in the package manager. Use the following message and follow programming language instructions.

Author: ```suggestion
-	In the package managers that support updates to existing packages, update the legacy packages in the package manager to include a deprecation notice. Use the following message and follow programming language instructions.
```

```markdown
Please note, this package has been deprecated. A replacement package is available [package name](https://dummylinktopackage.com/) as of [date-MM/YY]. We strongly encourage you to upgrade to continue receiving updates. See [Migration Guide](https://dummylink.com/) for guidance on upgrading. Refer to our [deprecation policy](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_support.html) for more details.
```
-	If you are deprecating a package version, but staying within the same package name, update the wording above to mention a specific version.
```markdown

> Please note, versions of this package with version numbers [version number] and below have been deprecated as of [date-MM-YY]. We strongly encourage you to upgrade to version [version number] or above to continue receiving updates. Refer to our [deprecation policy](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_support.html) for more details.

Author: ```suggestion
Please note, versions of this package with version numbers [version number] and below have been deprecated as of [date-MM-YY]. We strongly encourage you to upgrade to the latest version to continue receiving updates. Refer to our [deprecation policy](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_support.html) for more details.
```

> Please note, versions of this package with version numbers [version number] and below have been deprecated as of [date-MM-YY]. We strongly encourage you to upgrade to version [version number] or above to continue receiving updates. Refer to our [deprecation policy](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_support.html) for more details.

Reviewer: We try to avoid saying the "upgrade to version X" part in JS because we might need to deprecate releases later for security purposes, which would cause developers to follow a chain of "this is deprecated, go here" - instead we usually say something like "use the latest version" (latest being a special tag in npm)

Reviewer 2: Same in Python

```
Language|Instructions
----------|---------
.Net|Follow instructions at [deprecating NuGet packages](https://docs.microsoft.com/nuget/nuget-org/deprecate-packages) to deprecate the package with the message above.<br>Select all versions of the package you are deprecating.<br>Choose deprecation reason as "Other" because "Legacy" is for packages that are no longer maintained.
Java | Update the project description in the POM file to include the deprecation message. Publish Update.

> TS/JS | Run the command `npm deprecate` which takes the package name and the deprecation message.

Author: ```suggestion
TS/JS | Run the relevant build pipeline.
```

> TS/JS | Run the command `npm deprecate` which takes the package name and the deprecation message.

Reviewer: We don't actually use the command directly, we run a build pipeline at https://dev.azure.com/azure-sdk/internal/_build?definitionId=2067

> Python | Publish an update to the package after updating the README.

Reviewer 2: For clarity, we can only update the latest release, we can't update past releases. It's implicit in Python that people should use the latest, and not expect support in previous minor.

Author: Okay, is there anything about this wording that should be changed?

Reviewer 2: If "the package" refers to the deprecated package where we didn't change a name, we can't publish an update. So we could word it maybe:
If the deprecated package is no longer in use (new version has a different name), publish an update to the deprecated package after updating the Readme

> Python | Publish an update to the package after updating the README.

Author: ```suggestion
Python | If the deprecated package is no longer in use (new version has a different name), publish an update to the deprecated package after updating the README
```

### 5) Updating package manager references

Follow the best practices below to ensure that the visibility of the new release is elevated.

Identify supported legacy libraries for the SDK you are releasing as early as possible <br>
-	Note, we cannot deprecate GA libraries which were released less than 1 year ago per the [current Azure SLA](https://www.microsoft.com/LICENSING/PRODUCT-LICENSING/PRODUCTS)
- Note,  We should direct users to the new library only if it is covering the legacy library specs. Make sure you confirm feature and performance parity at your arch board reviews.
-	Once a library has been identified as suitable for replacement, initiate a request to have NuGet search popularity for the legacy library forwarded to the new library. The SDK team engineering team will know how to do this or who to talk to.

For each legacy package you plan to deprecate
-	Update the legacy library package README with a link to the new package.

> ```markdown

Reviewer 3: Should we consider wrapping these markdown snippets for readability, or are we aiming for the "just copy/paste" scenario?

Author: I would wrap but I'm not aware of a way to do word wrap in markdown and Google was no help. Do you know how to specify wrapping for markdown snippets?

> Please note, this package has been deprecated. A replacement package is available [package name](https://dummylinktopackage.com/) as of [date-MM/YY]. We strongly encourage you to upgrade to continue receiving updates. See [Migration Guide](https://dummylink.com/) for guidance on upgrading. Refer to our [deprecation policy](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_support.html) for more details.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Please note, this package has been deprecated. A replacement package is available [package name](https://dummylinktopackage.com/) as of [date-MM/YY]. We strongly encourage you to upgrade to continue receiving updates. See the [Migration Guide](https://dummylink.com/) for guidance on upgrading. Refer to our [deprecation policy](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_support.html) for more details.
```

Not sure if "the" or "its" makes more sense in this context, but it reads a bit awkwardly to me without something there.

```
For packages with the same name (e.g. Python, Java), use the following wording.
```markdown
Please note, versions of this package with version numbers [version number] and below have been deprecated as of [date-MM-YY]. We strongly encourage you to upgrade to version [version number] or above to continue receiving updates. Refer to our [deprecation policy](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_support.html) for more details.
```
-	Update the legacy Samples README with link to the new samples.

> Note, you can search for sample repositories under https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/samples/browse/?products=azure

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Note, you can search for sample repositories under https://docs.microsoft.com/samples/browse/?products=azure.
```

```markdown
Samples in this repository use deprecated packages [list legacy package here]. We recommend that you get started using the new package here instead: [package name](https://dummylinktopackage.com/.
```
-	Update the new package README with a link to the migration guides.
```markdown
This document covers [library name] [package name](https://dummylinktopackage.com/).
If you're using an older package, we recommend that you upgrade your code.
See [Migration Guide](https://dummylink.com/) for more details.
```

> -	Update package index files to identify legacy packages replacement

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
-	Update package index files to identify legacy packages replacement.
```

Most of the other bullets have punctuation.  Should we consider adding it here?

```markdown
Go to https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk/blob/master/_data/releases/latest/ and update [language]-packages.csv.
Use Notes column to clarify what is being replaced by the new package.
```

> -	Make updates to the legacy packages in the package manager. Use the following message and follow programming language instructions

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
-	Make updates to the legacy packages in the package manager. Use the following message and follow programming language instructions.
```

```markdown
Please note, this package has been deprecated. A replacement package is available [package name](https://dummylinktopackage.com/) as of [date-MM/YY]. We strongly encourage you to upgrade to continue receiving updates. See [Migration Guide](https://dummylink.com/) for guidance on upgrading. Refer to our [deprecation policy](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_support.html) for more details.
```

> -	If you are deprecating a package version, but staying within the same package name, update the wording above to mention a specific version

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
-	If you are deprecating a package version, but staying within the same package name, update the wording above to mention a specific version.
```

```
Language|Instructions
----------|---------
.Net|Follow instructions at [deprecating NuGet packages](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/nuget-org/deprecate-packages) to deprecate the package with the message above.<br>Select all versions of the package you are deprecating.<br>Choose deprecation reason as "Other" because "Legacy" is for packages that are no longer maintained.
Java | Update the project description in the POM file to include the deprecation message. Publish Update.
TS/JS | Run the command `npm deprecate` which takes the package name and the deprecation message.
Python | Publish an update to the package after updating the README.
Go | Add a deprecation comment in the go.mod so that users see a warning when downloading the deprecated package. <br>See example [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/blob/857695b0e8158bdf9b19bed23c33cf8a5333921d/sdk/to/go.mod#L1)

>   |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

- Note,  We should direct users to the new library only if it is covering the legacy library specs. Make sure you confirm feature and performance parity at your arch board reviews.
-	For .NET, once a library has been identified as suitable for replacement, initiate a request to have NuGet search popularity for the legacy library forwarded to the new library. The SDK team engineering team will know how to do this or who to talk to.

For each legacy package you plan to deprecate
-	Update the legacy library package README with a link to the new package.
```markdown
Please note, this package has been deprecated. A replacement package is available
[package name](https://dummylinktopackage.com/) as of [date-MM/YY]. We strongly
encourage you to upgrade to continue receiving updates. 
See the [Migration Guide](https://dummylink.com/) for guidance on upgrading. 
Refer to our [deprecation policy](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_support.html) for more details.
```
For packages with the same name (e.g. Python, Java), use the following wording.
```markdown

> Please note, versions of this package with version numbers [version number] and below have been deprecated as of [date-MM-YY]. We strongly encourage you to upgrade to the latest version to continue receiving updates. Refer to our [deprecation policy](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_support.html) for more details.

Author: ```suggestion
Please note, versions of this package with version numbers [version number] and below have been deprecated
as of [date-MM-YY]. We strongly encourage you to upgrade to the latest version to continue receiving updates.
Refer to our [deprecation policy](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_support.html) for more details.
```

For each legacy package you plan to deprecate
-	Update the legacy library package README with a link to the new package.
```markdown
Please note, this package has been deprecated. A replacement package is available
[package name](https://dummylinktopackage.com/) as of [date-MM/YY]. We strongly
encourage you to upgrade to continue receiving updates. 
See the [Migration Guide](https://dummylink.com/) for guidance on upgrading. 
Refer to our [deprecation policy](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_support.html) for more details.
```
For packages with the same name (e.g. Python, Java), use the following wording.
```markdown
Please note, versions of this package with version numbers [version number] and below have been deprecated
as of [date-MM-YY]. We strongly encourage you to upgrade to the latest version to continue receiving updates.
Refer to our [deprecation policy](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_support.html) for more details.
```
-	Update the legacy Samples README with link to the new samples.
Note, you can search for sample repositories under https://docs.microsoft.com/samples/browse/?products=azure.
```markdown

> Samples in this repository use deprecated packages [list legacy package here]. We recommend that you get started using the new package here instead: [package name](https://dummylinktopackage.com/.

Author: ```suggestion
Samples in this repository use deprecated packages [list legacy package here]. We recommend
that you get started using the new package here instead: [package name](https://dummylinktopackage.com/.
```

```
-	Update the new package README with a link to the migration guides.
```markdown
This document covers [library name] [package name](https://dummylinktopackage.com/).
If you're using an older package, we recommend that you upgrade your code.
See [Migration Guide](https://dummylink.com/) for more details.
```
-	Update package index files to identify legacy packages replacement.
```markdown
Go to https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk/blob/master/_data/releases/latest/ and update [language]-packages.csv.
Use Notes column to clarify what is being replaced by the new package.
```
-	Make updates to the legacy packages in the package manager. Use the following message and follow programming language instructions.
```markdown

> Please note, this package has been deprecated. A replacement package is available [package name](https://dummylinktopackage.com/) as of [date-MM/YY]. We strongly encourage you to upgrade to continue receiving updates. See [Migration Guide](https://dummylink.com/) for guidance on upgrading. Refer to our [deprecation policy](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_support.html) for more details.

Author: ```suggestion
Please note, this package has been deprecated. A replacement package is available
[package name](https://dummylinktopackage.com/) as of [date-MM/YY]. We strongly
encourage you to upgrade to continue receiving updates. 
See the [Migration Guide](https://dummylink.com/) for guidance on upgrading.
Refer to our [deprecation policy](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_support.html) for more details.
```

```
-	If you are deprecating a package version, but staying within the same package name, update the wording above to mention a specific version.
```markdown

> Please note, versions of this package with version numbers [version number] and below have been deprecated as of [date-MM-YY]. We strongly encourage you to upgrade to the latest version to continue receiving updates. Refer to our [deprecation policy](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_support.html) for more details.

Author: ```suggestion
Please note, versions of this package with version numbers [version number] and below have been 
deprecated as of [date-MM-YY]. We strongly encourage you to upgrade to the latest version to 
continue receiving updates. 
Refer to our [deprecation policy](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_support.html) for more details.
```

### 5) Updating package manager references

Follow the best practices below to ensure that the visibility of the new release is elevated.

Identify supported legacy libraries for the SDK you are releasing as early as possible <br>
-	**Note:** we cannot deprecate GA libraries which were released less than 1 year ago per the [current Azure SLA](https://www.microsoft.com/LICENSING/PRODUCT-LICENSING/PRODUCTS)
- Note,  We should direct users to the new library only if it is covering the legacy library specs. Make sure you confirm feature and performance parity at your arch board reviews.
-	For .NET, once a library has been identified as suitable for replacement, initiate a request to have NuGet search popularity for the legacy library forwarded to the new library. The SDK team engineering team will know how to do this or who to talk to.

For each legacy package you plan to deprecate
-	Update the legacy library package README with a link to the new package.
```markdown
Please note, this package has been deprecated. A replacement package is available

> [package name](https://dummylinktopackage.com/) as of [date-MM/YY]. We strongly

Reviewer 4: Don't do these dummylinktopackage.com or dummylink.com variations.  Use a link to an asset we own and control.

> [package name](https://dummylinktopackage.com/) as of [date-MM/YY]. We strongly

Author: ```suggestion
[package name](https://aka.ms/azsdk) as of [date-MM/YY]. We strongly
```

encourage you to upgrade to continue receiving updates. 

> See the [Migration Guide](https://dummylink.com/) for guidance on upgrading. 

Author: ```suggestion
See the [Migration Guide](https://aka.ms/azsdk) for guidance on upgrading. 
```

Refer to our [deprecation policy](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_support.html) for more details.
```
For packages with the same name (e.g. Python, Java), use the following wording.
```markdown
Please note, versions of this package with version numbers [version number] and below have been deprecated
as of [date-MM-YY]. We strongly encourage you to upgrade to the latest version to continue receiving updates.
Refer to our [deprecation policy](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_support.html) for more details.
```
-	Update the legacy Samples README with link to the new samples.
Note, you can search for sample repositories under https://docs.microsoft.com/samples/browse/?products=azure.
```markdown
Samples in this repository use deprecated packages [list legacy package here]. We recommend

> that you get started using the new package here instead: [package name](https://dummylinktopackage.com/.

Author: ```suggestion
that you get started using the new package here instead: [package name](https://aka.ms/azsdk).
```

```
-	Update the new package README with a link to the migration guides.
```markdown

> This document covers [library name] [package name](https://dummylinktopackage.com/).

Author: ```suggestion
This document covers [library name] [package name](https://aka.ms/azsdk).
```

If you're using an older package, we recommend that you upgrade your code.

> See [Migration Guide](https://dummylink.com/) for more details.

Author: ```suggestion
See [Migration Guide](https://aka.ms/azsdk) for more details.
```

```
-	Update package index files to identify legacy packages replacement.
```markdown
Go to https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk/blob/master/_data/releases/latest/ and update [language]-packages.csv.
Use Notes column to clarify what is being replaced by the new package.
```
-	In the package managers that support updates to existing packages, update the legacy packages in the package manager to include a deprecation notice. Use the following message and follow programming language instructions.
```markdown
Please note, this package has been deprecated. A replacement package is available

> [package name](https://dummylinktopackage.com/) as of [date-MM/YY]. We strongly

Author: ```suggestion
[package name](https://aka.ms/azsdk) as of [date-MM/YY]. We strongly
```

encourage you to upgrade to continue receiving updates. 

> See the [Migration Guide](https://dummylink.com/) for guidance on upgrading.

Author: ```suggestion
See the [Migration Guide](https://aka.ms/azsdk) for guidance on upgrading.
```

Refer to our [deprecation policy](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_support.html) for more details.
```
-	If you are deprecating a package version, but staying within the same package name, update the wording above to mention a specific version.
```markdown
Please note, versions of this package with version numbers [version number] and below have been 
deprecated as of [date-MM-YY]. We strongly encourage you to upgrade to the latest version to 
continue receiving updates. 
Refer to our [deprecation policy](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_support.html) for more details.
```

> Language|Instructions

Reviewer 5: @mario-guerra This MD table isn't correctly formatted. You need to add `|` and the beginning and ending of the each line.

----------|---------
.Net|Follow instructions at [deprecating NuGet packages](https://docs.microsoft.com/nuget/nuget-org/deprecate-packages) to deprecate the package with the message above.<br>Select all versions of the package you are deprecating.<br>Choose deprecation reason as "Other" because "Legacy" is for packages that are no longer maintained.

> Java | Update the project description in the POM file to include the deprecation message. Publish Update.

Reviewer 4: The instructions for Java should be similar to the text for Python.  We want to point developers to the new T2 package, which almost definitely has a new name.

> Java | Update the project description in the POM file to include the deprecation message. Publish Update.

Author: ```suggestion
Java | If the deprecated package is no longer in use (new version has a different name), publish an update to the deprecated package after updating the README
```

TS/JS | Run the relevant build pipeline.
Python | If the deprecated package is no longer in use (new version has a different name), publish an update to the deprecated package after updating the README
Go | Add a deprecation comment in the go.mod so that users see a warning when downloading the deprecated package. <br>See example [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/blob/857695b0e8158bdf9b19bed23c33cf8a5333921d/sdk/to/go.mod#L1)

#### Legacy packages support after the update

> - Ensure you have the infrastructure in place to build and ship fixes for the legacy libraries for the next 3 years.<br> You will need to ship security and critical bug fixes for the first year.<br> You don’t have to proactively fix anything else, but a customer calling for support should be able to get it.

Author: ```suggestion
- Ensure you have the infrastructure in place to build and ship fixes for the legacy libraries for the next 3 years.<br> You will need to ship security and critical bug fixes for the first year.<br> You don’t have to proactively fix anything else, but a customer calling for support should be able to get it. Refer to our [support policy page](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_support.html) for more details.

> - Ensure you have the infrastructure in place to build and ship fixes for the legacy libraries for the next 3 years.<br> You will need to ship security and critical bug fixes for the first year.<br> You don’t have to proactively fix anything else, but a customer calling for support should be able to get it.

Reviewer 4: 1 year seems short.  Is this coming from a policy that can be linked to?

Author: Added link to our support policy.

> - Ensure you have the infrastructure in place to build and ship fixes for the legacy libraries for the next 3 years.<br> You will need to ship security and critical bug fixes for the first year.<br> You don’t have to proactively fix anything else, but a customer calling for support should be able to get it.

Author: ```suggestion
- Ensure you have the infrastructure in place to build and ship fixes for the legacy libraries for the next 3 years.<br> You will need to ship security and critical bug fixes for the first year.<br> You don’t have to proactively fix anything else, but a customer calling for support should be able to get it. Refer to our [deprecation policy](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_support.html) for more details
```

> - Ensure you have the infrastructure in place to build and ship fixes for the legacy libraries for the next 3 years.<br> You will need to ship security and critical bug fixes for the first year.<br> You don’t have to proactively fix anything else, but a customer calling for support should be able to get it.

Author: ```suggestion
- Ensure you have the infrastructure in place to build and ship fixes for the legacy libraries for the next 3 years.<br> You will need to ship security and critical bug fixes for the first year.<br> You don’t have to proactively fix anything else, but a customer calling for support should be able to get it. Refer to our [deprecation policy](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_support.html) for more details
```

> - Ensure you have the infrastructure in place to build and ship fixes for the legacy libraries for the next 3 years.<br> You will need to ship security and critical bug fixes for the first year.<br> You don’t have to proactively fix anything else, but a customer calling for support should be able to get it.

Author: ```suggestion
- Ensure you have the infrastructure in place to build and ship fixes for the legacy libraries for the next 3 years.<br> You will need to ship security and critical bug fixes for the first year.<br> You don’t have to proactively fix anything else, but a customer calling for support should be able to get it. Refer to our [deprecation policy](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_support.html) for more details.
```

> - Ensure you have the infrastructure in place to build and ship fixes for the legacy libraries for the next 3 years.<br> You will need to ship security and critical bug fixes for the first year.<br> You don’t have to proactively fix anything else, but a customer calling for support should be able to get it. Refer to our [support policy page](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_support.html) for more details.

Author: ```suggestion
- Ensure you have the infrastructure in place to build and ship fixes for the legacy libraries for the next 3 years.<br> You will need to ship security and critical bug fixes for the first year.<br> You don’t have to proactively fix anything else, but a customer calling for support should be able to get it. Refer to our [deprecation policy](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_support.html) for more details.
```
